
Remote Repository:
  - A remote repository is a Git repository hosted on a remote server or a code hosting platform like GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket.
  - It acts as a centralized location for collaborating changes from multiple developers, where multiple developers can push and pull     changes to keep the repository in sync.
  - We can not do any changes directly to remote repository and a valid user with proper access can push changes to remote repo from only local repo.

Local Repository:
  - A local repository is a copy of a Git repository that resides on your local machine.
  - It contains the complete copy of the repo repository, including all branches, commits, and files etc.
  - The local repository allows you to make changes, commit them, switch between branches, and perform Git operations without needing a live network connection to remote repo.
  - You can create a local repository by initializing a new repository with git init or cloning an existing repository using git clone.
  
  #To get a local repo / to download / clone a remote repo 
      git clone <url_of_the_remote_repository>

git status 
  - The git status is used to display the current status of your Git repository.
  - shows information about which files have been modified, which files are staged for the next commit, and which files are untracked.

git log 
  - git log is used to view all commits history of a Git repository.
  - It displays list of commits starting from the most recent commit on top.
  - The commit history provides essential information about the changes made to the repository such as, 
      commit messages, authors, dates, and unique identifiers (commit hash/id).

git add 
  - Adds changes to the staging area. 
  - This is where you can review your changes before committing them to your local repository.
  # Add all changes to the staging area
    git add .   (OR)   git add --all
    
    git add -A is equivalent to git add --all
    git add -u is equivalent to git add --update
    
    NOTE: Extra information just in case if you want to try but not required
    
    NOTE: Extra information just in case if you want to try but not required
    
    Command	        New-Files	    Modified-Files	Deleted-Files	        Description
      git add -A	     YES	            YES	          YES	                Stage all (new, modified, deleted) files
      git add .	     YES	            YES	          YES	                Stage all (new, modified, deleted) files in current folder
      git add -u	      NO	            YES	          YES	                Stage modified and deleted files only
        
git commit 
  - Create a new commit containing the current changes of the stagging area (added files and directories)
  - We need to give a commit message which we can see in the git log message describing the changes.
  
  # Commit the changes with a message
      git commit -m "Added new feature"
      
git push 
  - git push is a command used to push your local commited changes (after git add and git commit) to a remote repository.
  - When you make changes to your local repository and want to share them with others or synchronize them with a remote repository 
    (such as on GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket), you use git push to send those changes to the remote repository.
  
git pull 
  - git pull is a command used to fetch and merge changes from a remote repository into your local repository.
  - When others pushed changes to the remote repository, you can use git pull to update your local repository to get new commits from remopte repository.
